there is absolutely nothing wrong with
the Bulldog lacrosse team but if there
were there are several guides out here
who could probably find a cure these
players are juggling the rigors of being
a Division one athlete with being
pre-med majors on Tyler Warner and I'm
on ecology and evolutionary biology
major Brendan Rooney molecular cellular
and developmental biology benjamin
reeves molecular cellular and
developmental biology will sullivan
molecular cellular and developmental
biology Jackson Scott Burton major
molecular cellular developmental biology
it's a lot of a lot of science guys on
our team so they got to be careful you
know pretending you know something
because they definitely know more than
you for pre-med majors on track to
become doctors and v wants to get a PhD
I've always been really interested in a
cancer research yeah I think it's fair
to say the guys on the lacrosse team are
defying the stereotype of the dumb jock
great yeah I think we I think we all of
our guys are these your athletes you
don't shy away from hard work the
demands of being a division 1 athlete
for a nationally prominent program are
great when these guys are not on the
practice field in the weight room or
watching film they're hitting the hook
pretty much anytime we're not practicing
I guess like you have an hour a day kind
of where you're to yourself but then
tell 12:00 at night to study at first as
a freshman you're kind of overwhelmed
little by the workload but after a while
it's getting used to it managing it with
practice coach knows about the major so
it's very manageable that's because the
coaching staff understands in
accommodate there were academic building
that's our practice in the seven o'clock
tonight we put this is their lab day so
there's they can they come from lab and
there for five hours or whatever doing
whatever they're doing I don't know or
understand it according to the coaches
rearranging some time is a small price
to pay for the benefits of having this
program a program producing winds on the
field with a nationally ranked power
while developing an atmosphere for
athletes to thrive in the classroom I
think everyone here chose Yale because
there was they wanted that balance of
academics and athletics and and I give a
lot of credit to the coaches because
they do a phenomenal job of balancing it
like I think a lot of coaches out there
was would rearrange their practice
schedule around you know doing a lab or
something like that
you get spoiled because you have if you
have incredibly gifted high character
kids that really appreciate if they're
here they're not hard to motivate their
pleasers and their third grade seekers
it's a very unique place to coach and
it's for my my opinion wouldn't want to
be anywhere else
[Music]